Add FAQ entry for response validation (#13)
connectrpc/validate-go: README.md

[buf.yaml](internal/proto/buf.yaml) and [buf.gen.yaml](buf.gen.yaml)
configuration files, and `make generate` [recipe](Makefile).

> ### Does the interceptor validate outgoing response?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Does the interceptor validate responses?
```

> No. The interceptor only validates incoming requests but does not validate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. On both clients and servers, the interceptor only validates requests.
```

> outgoing responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
